DOCS-11819-mqtt-cluster-editorial-kt (#1609)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: mqtt 3/1.0.0/modules/ROOT/pages/edits/mqtt3-connector-cluster.adoc

= Deploy MQTT 3 Connector Apps in a Cluster

> MQTT broker establishes a connection with a client using its clientID. If the broker establishes a connection with a client whose client ID is `smart-bentley-123`, and then the broker receives a new connection with the same client ID, the broker closes the previous connection (assuming it is stale) and accepts the new connection. This mechanism is known as a client take-over. MQTT brokers employ this mechanism to prevent situations such as TCP connections reaching a half-open or invalid state due to a crash in one of the communication ends, which is undesirable. The broker assumes the new incoming connection to be valid, closes the older connection, and continues using the newly established connection.

Reviewer: Is this specific client ID used elsewhere in the documentation? 
If not, I don't think we need to name it here, because your main point, most simply worded, is...:

```suggestion
After an MQTT broker establishes a connection with a client using that client's ID, any subsequent connection requests using the same ID cause a new connection to override the existing connection, a mechanism is known as _client takeover_. MQTT brokers employ this mechanism to prevent situations such as TCP connections reaching a half-open or invalid state due to a crash in one of the communication ends, which is undesirable.
```
The current final sentence just repeats the current second sentence.

> Because of this mechanism, Mule runtime engine (Mule) applications that use the MQTT 3 Connector deployed in a cluster must generate a unique client ID for each active node in the cluster. To avoid client take overs in this kind of scenario, you can use the provided client ID generators to generate dynamic client IDs, or you can provide your own client ID generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of client takeover, Mule runtime engine (Mule) applications that use MQTT 3 Connector deployed in a cluster must include a unique client ID for each active node in the cluster. You can supply these unique IDs either by using the application-provided client ID generators or by providing your own client ID generator.
```
